{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 How to Print letter: set new block. Basically I just create new 60 blocks. :(\
\
How to show them in the order:  I just time mod 16, then I got what I want.\
\
When moving, can\'92t show the letter correctly: change the show part in redraw, I use buffer wrongly.\
\
When changing the color, the text in status bar will also change:  text_color = level*2= 0x02\
\
Color changing frequency: use tick as changing unit\
\
When moving right, mask looks weird:  I thought it was printing mask during the tick. But actually it\'92s because I didn\'92t get into the right block. last_dir*16.\
\
String appear at about 5 second: reset string_counter\
\
string last for maybe one tick: see string_counter not working.\
\
trans_Color not correct: palette, I create trans color through play_palette or sth else. But it would change the color after I created the trans, I need to make new trans color.\
\
String_counter not working: 
\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Basically my problem is that I set the string text as:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 static char* fruit_strings[8] = \{" ","an apple!", "ew, grapes", "eh, it's a peach", \
"a strawberry", "A BANANA!", "melonwater", "Uh...Dew?"\};\
which because I thought I can then use check_for_fruit directly. But actually when the fruit was eaten, that function will return 0, which is " " in my case. So if I draw it, that's what I got. That's why it only last for about one while loop for me.\
\
Not moving through tux: get rldu and cbas wrong, should use 0x0f not 0xf0.\
\
Time not showing correctly: I use loopblock as time, but I will mod it by 16 for my block loop. I should use another variable.
\f0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\
Header for function: convert_status; copy_status_bar; show_status_bar; }